N31: Dis-order (#963)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/031/index.md

## Game Updates

### [Dis-order]

![Screenshot of Dis-order](dis-order.png)

> Dis-order by [@jkhelsing] is a short sokobanesque puzzle game made in 72 hours

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dis-order by [@jkhelsing] is a short sokoban-esque puzzle game made in 72 hours
```
